A Web Server is a server capable of receiving HTTP requests, interpreting them, processing the corresponding HTTP Responses and sending them to the appropriate clients (Web Browsers). Example: Apache Web Server. Read more about Web Servers and their working>>

The web container is a Java runtime environment which is responsible for managing life cycle of JSP pages and Servlets. 
A Web Container is a J2EE compliant implementation which provides an environment for the Servlets and JSPs to run. Putting it differently we can say that a Web Container is combination of a Servlet Engine and a JSP Engine. If an HTTP Request refers to a Web Component (typically a Servlet or a JSP) then the request is forwarded to the Web Container and the result of the request is sent back to Web Server, which uses that result to prepare the HTTP Response for the particular HTTP Request. 
Example: Tomcat is a typical Web Container. A typical setup would be to have Apache HTTP Server as the Web Server and Tomcat as the Web Container.

An Application Server is a complete server, which provides an environment for running the business components (EJBs, ADF BCs, etc.) in addition to providing the capabilities of a Web Container as well as of a Web Server. Example: Bea WebLogic, IBM WebSphere, Oracle

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Web server

A Web server handles the HTTP protocol. When the Web server receives an HTTP request, it responds with an HTTP response, such
                              as sending back an HTML page. To process a request, a Web server may respond with a static HTML page or image, send a redirect,
                              or delegate the dynamic response generation to some other program such as CGI scripts, JSPs (JavaServer Pages), servlets,
                              ASPs (Active Server Pages), server-side JavaScripts, or some other server-side technology. Whatever their purpose, such server-side
                              programs generate a response, most often in HTML, for viewing in a Web browser.
                           

Understand that a Web server's delegation model is fairly simple. When a request comes into the Web server, the Web server
                              simply passes the request to the program best able to handle it. The Web server doesn't provide any functionality beyond simply
                              providing an environment in which the server-side program can execute and pass back the generated responses. The server-side
                              program usually provides for itself such functions as transaction processing, database connectivity, and messaging.
                           

While a Web server may not itself support transactions or database connection pooling, it may employ various strategies for
                              fault tolerance and scalability such as load balancing, caching, and clustering—features oftentimes erroneously assigned as
                              features reserved only for application servers.
                           

The application server

As for the application server, according to our definition, an application server exposes business logic to client applications
                              through various protocols, possibly including HTTP. While a Web server mainly deals with sending HTML for display in a Web
                              browser, an application server provides access to business logic for use by client application programs. The application program
                              can use this logic just as it would call a method on an object (or a function in the procedural world).
                           

Such application server clients can include GUIs (graphical user interface) running on a PC, a Web server, or even other application
                              servers. The information traveling back and forth between an application server and its client is not restricted to simple
                              display markup. Instead, the information is program logic. Since the logic takes the form of data and method calls and not
                              static HTML, the client can employ the exposed business logic however it wants.
                           

In most cases, the server exposes this business logic through a component API, such as the EJB (Enterprise JavaBean) component
                              model found on J2EE (Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition) application servers. Moreover, the application server manages its
                              own resources. Such gate-keeping duties include security, transaction processing, resource pooling, and messaging. Like a
                              Web server, an application server may also employ various scalability and fault-tolerance techniques.
                              
                           

